milk more at here video about there tips
also have a one time ride for ajax
a
today there was wax and gilbert
come true for icesave it's a party
7 jailbreak it's an interview mike
means you can be very broad and like
the battery is empty
you don't need a computer to get a new one on
you can simply start
start up independently like me
normally also does the jailbreak is guide
for eggs 7 point zero up to and including aj er
seven point zero point 4 and also the last one
two berthas
can be jailbreaked you can both
jill retro on mac as on windows and you
must have before the site
is below in the description and
clicking the peri on download and then
it will automatically appear in your minutes
Downloading florian is important to you
take some measures so you can ssh
blobs daycare with tiny their glasses a
and bella can also download state
here also in the description on the left and you
so you suddenly save your sh and that is
important if you ever have a lot
downgrade to your recess
or far back this is important to you
I make a backup you can do with
icloud
or in itunes before you start using gio
pricks well when one is downloaded
it automatically in your fire or with downloads
and then opening
what should you do then you should take care
that you touch your iphone ipad or ipod with
highway 7 and I'll connect you to the
computer
i have for clarity and ipad
mini
the first generation connected and you
also sees that when your program starts
recognizes
we currently have asc point number
two on
then we can now start with
jailbreak i just push the button
kubrick
and then it's a matter of waiting and
then you will probably have some other ones
ask things or there are nothing
have to do
what they give as a tip is to the if
you an iphone app with security code
to reach for any of this code
this can prevent problems for later
vice that think your iphone is ipod or ipad
restart because it's okay you see
also one of those parties now on your idevice
but it is important that you still there
not to this you just have to be patient
to have
Well
the ipad is now what we restart
now have to do is wait for the ipad
booted up and then we need the app that
it certainly insists on that fation
boot up
I'm on the ipad
when state the iv chanel we print
then in a tight that on screen and then
it will restart again
now i'm on with for the second time
startup we should lure more
shift more than they are critical
final process
minister
again for the third time and she was
well done with jailbreak
that means that a cda will be on my
ipad might be on you a year
ipod or iphone with siri yes you can
everything you can tweaks
install or other things for that
have many more videos online
stand
subscribe above or below here
on my youtube channel then you get
more often this type of useful tips if you
have any questions please respond as quickly as possible
Below
Keep in mind that this is the first one
version is of the aviation 7 jailbreak and
that there are probably some
versions follow where we start errors
out so you want to be sure then
then I would just have the responses anyway
too many problems are info thank
for watching and see you soon